# 429


## Scene 1
[22 Years old boy, facing on the floor with a hand over his head and the other between his chest. He is wearing a pink floyd T-shirt and a green short]

[He wakes up at 4:16 AM]
[Feeling bitter in his through, he is searching the desk near him for the lighter and the cigarets]
[He lights his cigaret and starts to cry right after the first poof]
[He turns his face back to top]

## Scene 2
[He is making dark tea for his breakfast]
[From the kitchen he hears her, voice in bathroom]
[He goes there, opens the door and she was not there]
[He goes to the closet, find the shirt she borrows the other day and start to smell it]
[He gets erected and starts a ridiculous sex with the cloth in place of her]
[The tea pot's click backs him to the real world]
[The same frame of him facing top, this time with the wrinkle shirt laying next to him]

## Scene 3 - Betrayal
[It's 11AM. He is jerking off while he drinks his tea looking at the pictures of her while he hears sounds from bedroom]
+ Hannah: Right there Joshua! Ah! Ahh! [with whispering sound]
[He stops jerking with a intense feeling of jealousy]
[Someone knocks the entrance door]
- Joshua: Are you home Sam?
- Sam: Coming...
[Sam opens the door]
- Joshua: Hey Sam! [with a happy face while coming into the home]
- Sam: Good morning [Trying to be happy but the jealousy in his face is still there]
- Joshua: I told you my parents don't want anyone to smoke here.
- Sam: Sorry about that.
[Joshua goes to the room form which Hannah sound was coming]
- Joshua: Listen, tonight Penny and I want to go for a dinner would you like to come with Hannah, we can make it double date.
- Sam: Last night we had a drama. She left here and I think we are pretty much done.
- Joshua: [Coming back from the room] You baster, I know you only wanted to fuck her and leave her here moving to San Francisco.
[Sam disappointedly made a disgust gesture to Joshua like the way a catholic father looking at his son when he firstly found him smoking]
- Joshua: OKEY. Come with us anyways. I can match you up with someone there.

## Scene 4
[On the car ride. Joshua is driving, Penny next to him, from Sam's PoV from back seats]

...

## Scene -1
[Sam wakes up in the room and see Joshua sleeping while facing down with a hand over his head and the other between his chest]